well here we are again guys it's top
your civic 500 brake horsepower this car
does 189 miles an hour on the road with
street tires everything normal pump gas
no tricks
just one nutty Japanese driver behind
the wheel
check the horsepower figures out on this
guy's 500 brake horsepower under four
seconds naught to 60 189 miles an hour
awesome absolutely awesome
I'm having a bit of trouble I think this
is one thing to dude I never let the
journalist go near your photographic
equipment I'm so aggressive let them use
a big pen bit of paper simplest thing
but look look look it's not difficult
see
next thing goes like a motorbike
slice that like one
nothing really needs to be said about
that car that they just listen to it